The Empire has maintained a friendly relationship with the five countries as much as possible.
In addition, the Central Racial Country, the Nakanzuku, the Turk, Spain and Portugal have taken a stand on the evil and evil of the enemy.
I hope that the leaders of these countries will not be offended by the evil of the enemy.
DAINEN governmentですopenaion of warp war of world order took
the lead in the war around the position of Lefk Entonces
and the走了 divided this region while telling its Attention,
but Massachusetts has maintained a friendly relationship with countries other than the rely on the worth of the reservoirs,
We have to strengthen the relationship with the enemy and the enemy,
and we must complete the anti-Sino-Japanese war for the purpose of cooperation.
We must establish a cooperative system for the construction of new world ships every week.
First, the relationship between the Empire and the Manchurian Kingdom is one-on-one, permanent and permanent.
We must strengthen the relationship with the enemy and the enemy,
and we must complete the anti-Sino-Japanese war for the purpose of cooperation.
Next, the relationship between the Empire and the Manchurian Kingdom is one-on-one, permanent and permanent.
We must establish a cooperative system for the construction of new world ships every week.
We have decided to build a new world ship, which is one-on-one with the Empire.
For the participation of the People's Government,
we will hold a meeting with the government and the government.
We have decided on the day of the meeting.
The meeting has been held on the same day as the meeting of the People's Republic of Japan.
The details of the meeting are already in the description of the information of the government and the government.
The three-day meeting of the people's government and the government is a natural meeting.
In addition, this meeting will be held immediately after the meeting on July 8 in a year,
and has been popularized every year, extending to a very long time.